[00:49](https://fathom.video/calls/782677325?timestamp=49) User: Hello, good morning. Can you hear me? I can. Okay. Can you hear me? yes. I thought there's a problem in my microphone. Oh no. Okay, we're gonna record it. See, where's Ina? Alright. my Theramind agent is not active. so, just look at my task and press, just double click my task or press the play button under my task. Start? start. I click the start and nothing happens. Wait a minute. did you click onto my task? Yes. And your default project? Here, let me show you. Alright, I'm gonna check. Let me show you my screen. Okay. So, here, I just press play, make sure this is highlighted, and then it should play automatically. Wait a minute. Do you need me to, or sometimes I will, like, I guess, double click? My task. I'm trying to click the my task. Mm. Oh, we're gonna ch- Share my screen to you? . Oh, this is the SOD? Start of the day? Wait a minute. I guess so. I'm not sure. What exactly he wants. The ODSOD? . Also, where's Ina? Let me message her. Oh, my task. . My task. You got it? I get it now. . We can pause it. what, what, what happened if we can, we can stop this one? just keep it running until you don't want to touch it anymore, until you're done. Oh. So, just, just, you can stop it after, after your shift, basically. What does the reminder agent does? I think it just monitors what we do throughout the day, or. Oh, this is just a, a timer, or? No, it's like. It's gonna screenshot all the, all the things that we. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it, I don't think it takes a video. I'm not sure exactly, but I just know it, like, tracks, tracks the work in some kind of way. but . Tracks the work? I think so. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not sure where In is. Okay. let's see. I guess I'll do it on here. YouTube. I, sending, I'm sending you, I'm just asking, is it, my Fathom, is it recording? it says your note taker's in here. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. I am User. I don't know why. User. Oh. Interesting. . And my Fathom is not working again, like. That's okay. You can, try and figure it out while we do the, the morning videos. Let's watch this one, I guess. I just want to start off by saying, you all have a tremendous amount of power and potential within you. You have a massive amount of untapped potential, every single one of you. And even today, all the strategies, the tools that you're learning, you know, I think sometimes we can get imposter syndrome where you can think, that's for someone else, it's not for me. But what happens is we go throughout life and we end up living in a kind of identity that makes us forget our true power and forget who we really are. So, your success is determined by whether you live your life tapping into that power or not, okay? And. The things that disconnect you from your power are the misuse of your focus and your energy, having no meaningful vision that's driving you, living in a false limited identity, and staying in your comfort zone. So we're going to go through all of those very quickly today. We could go deeper on emotional blocks and everything, but we won't have time for that. But the thing that I want you to really get from today is that potential is already within you. You've just forgotten it. And even earlier on, when, when, what's his name, Alejandro? Was talking about social media and people reaching out to him and things like that. You know, I for the longest time had a few hundred subscribers on YouTube. I never thought that I would hit 170,000 subscribers and I'd have the exposure that I have now, that I'd be meeting the people that I'm meeting now, that I'd be getting the DMs from people that I'm getting now. And even now when I get them, I still have imposter syndrome. But I'm going to be sharing with you the things that I did to start to remember my power, and forget this kind of illusion that I was living that I wasn't good enough or that I couldn't do it. Because that is an illusion. You know, a lot of us are living in that illusion because of conditioning, because of programming, because of past experiences. But it's not the truth of who you are, okay? So we're going to walk through some of the things today to help you reconnect with your power. Because every solution, every idea, every thing that you need is actually within you. You just have to kind of remember that. Okay. So the first layer we're going to focus on is focus, actually. So you're either focusing on the negative or the positive, like the cop path fall or the cop path ending. You're either focusing on limitations or possibilities. You're either focusing on lack or abundance. Or you're either focusing on distractions or attractions. I think the meaning of the word traction is to pull. So, the things that you're focusing on, they're either pulling you into alignment with your vision, with your purpose, or they're pulling you out of alignment with it. And your focus, it's really important that you use your focus wisely. You know, this is one of the first things that I teach people. I have over 300 people inside my community, and this is the first module that we do together. I teach them to start mastering their focus and their attention. Because what you focus on essentially gains access to you and gains access to your subconscious mind. It starts to program your beliefs, it starts to change your vibration, and it starts to change what you even perceive as reality immediately. So, the first starting point for all of you guys is going to be starting to realize where have you been placing your focus? Because where you place your focus is where your energy goes. Where you put your awareness, your energy goes there and then that thing grows. Okay? And I even want you guys for a second to just put all of your focus on your left foot for a moment, okay? If you want to close your eyes, you can do it. Close down your eyes and just focus entirely on your left foot. Keep your focus there for a minute. Keep focusing on your left foot. Keep focusing on your left foot. And you might notice you start to feel the energy there. Maybe it's like tingling. Maybe it's getting warm. And the longer you focus on it, the more sensations you're going to start to become aware of. You might notice that your big toe is sore. You might notice that the bottom of your foot is itchy. You might notice that your ankle hurts. And the longer and longer you focus there, The more your awareness of that part of your body is going to grow and the less your awareness is going to be on everything else. Okay, so come back from your foot for a moment. But this is essentially the power of your awareness. I don't know how many of you have done like body scan type meditations or anything like that, but that is something when you do that type of stuff, you start to realize when you put your awareness on something, it really starts to expand in your mind. It starts to expand your understanding of that thing, and that thing starts to become a part of your world and a part of your experience immediately. And it's the same with everything that you're focusing on. So, the solutions, the ideas, the decisions that will land you into your most successful reality, they already exist, okay? So, there's certain things. We all know you just need to take a certain amount of actions to become successful, right? Those actions, those ideas, those thoughts that are going to align you with those actions, they already exist. But you will not perceive them until you come into energetic alignment with those thoughts, those ideas, those solutions, and those decisions, okay? I always give this example, but, like, why do you take different actions than a Tibetan monk living in the mountains? We all know you just need to take a certain amount of actions to become successful, right? Those actions, those ideas, those thoughts that are going to align you with those actions, they already exist. But you will not perceive them until you come into energetic alignment with those thoughts, those ideas, those solutions, and those decisions, okay? I always use this example, but like, why do you take different actions than a Tibetan monk living in the mountains? Why do you take different actions than a physicist or a scientist, right? They have a different state of consciousness. They have a different energy. They're in a different vibration. Why do you take different actions than a physicist or a scientist, right? They have a different state of consciousness. They have a different energy. They're in a different vibration. So the thoughts that they're corresponding with energetically are going to be very different than you, unless you're a physicist, and everyone else in this room, right? If you think of the person who you'd like to trade places with, or your role model in the space, or that ideal version of you, they're in a very different energetic state, perhaps, than you are right now. And that is why they're perceiving of the right ideas, the right decisions, and the solutions rather than just seeing problems all the time. Okay? So, if you want to get technical about it, all of this stuff already exists as a wave of potential in that quantum field that exists beyond our five senses, okay? It's existing as an energetic potential waiting for you to observe it so it can start to materialize into form, into your reality. You can't observe any of this until you get onto the same wavelength as this thing with your own energy, okay? Because like attracts like in a field of energy. And it starts with your focus. You being able to correspond and energetically resonate with these ideas and decisions that are going to make you successful, it starts with what you're focusing on. When you're so focused on what you don't want, what you do want cannot grow. Okay? And I'll give the example of, let's say you have a problem come up, okay? You have this problem come up and you're obsessing about this problem. You're dwelling on the problem. Guess what? You're actually getting an energetic resonance with the problem. You're actually starting to vibrate in harmony with the problem. You have a frequency of a problem from that moment onwards. You can't perceive a solution when you're in the energetic state of a problem. You can't. They're not corresponding with each other. But let's say you take a step back from the problem for a minute. You finally stop dwelling on it. You take your focus off of it. You go for a walk. You shift your state. Now you're thinking more about solutions. Now your energy is more open. Your perception is more open. All of a sudden, you can perceive of a solution, whereas before you couldn't see any. It was there all along, but you were so focused on a problem that you couldn't see a solution. And this is not just about problem and solutions. It's about everything. Everything to do with your focus. So I want you to start realizing immediately. When they say paying attention, it's a very literal figure of speech. It's, it's costing you. Everything that you put your focus on is costing you. And you want to think about, like, the opportunity cost of, if you're focusing on one thing, that means you're not focusing on another thing that could perhaps grow you more or align with you more. So, I want you to just have a little think right now about how much you have been focusing on what is not serving you. How much have you been dwelling on problems? How much have you been maybe complaining? How much have you been scrolling? Right? Just have a little think about that. And then think about what can you implement today to start taking control of your focus. This is something that we've had to do. We've reduced the amount of TV we're watching. We got sucked into Game of Thrones for a while. But I even said to Bradley recently, like, the days where we watch TV versus we don't watch TV, the both of us, because we're using our limited focus that we have throughout the day to put it on TV rather than something else. Both of us felt like we were diminished creatively and we weren't seeing things as clearly when we were watching it versus when we weren't. So, this is actually really serious stuff and this is the stuff that you can actually control. And even when you're going through this year, I want you to actually just write some stuff down, right? What can you implement today to start taking control of your focus? Maybe you need to stop scrolling. Maybe there's certain apps on your phone you need to delete. You're all going to be posting content, so obviously not Instagram. But maybe you need to post your video and delete Instagram right away if you have a problem with scrolling on Instagram all day. That's what I have to do sometimes, okay? maybe you need to change the way that you're looking at situations and speaking about situations just ever so slightly. So controlling your focus also means changing your perspective, like the way that you're looking at something. So let's say you have a situation and objectively, it's, it's neither good nor bad. If you're always looking at the limitation, maybe you need to start, like, looking at the possibility and write that down as something that you're going to do to control your focus. Another thing you can do to start controlling your focus is meditate, sit in silence, and journal, okay? This stuff really trains you, actually, literally, to control your awareness. So, a lot of us, our awareness is kind of on autopilot. We wake up in the morning, and our brain starts firing, and neurons start going, and we start just focusing on the same old things we always focus on. But when you meditate, when you journal, when you take time to slow down, and you just become aware of your awareness, literally, that's like the key point, then you can actually start to control it. Then you realize that you're the one in the driver's seat here, and your focus doesn't continue to control you and, like, send you down all these pathways that you don't want to go down. Keeping you distracted all day. So those are just some things you can do. And a specific part of controlling your focus that I wanted to hone in on, because I know a lot of people struggle with this, is focusing on what you can't control. This is really, really common. So, and this is actually a paradox, because we obsessively try to control things we have no business controlling when we don't control the things that are our business to control. So if you find that you're kind of overthinking everything, you're, you're like future pacing, like a million steps ahead, you're trying to figure everything out beforehand, you're worrying about all these facets of the business of your personal life. So, if you find that you're kind of overthinking everything, you're, you're, like, future pacing, like, a million steps ahead, you're trying to figure everything out beforehand, you're worrying about all these facets of the business, of your personal life, that you literally cannot control, then the quick fix for that is to go, what is it that is in my control that I've been neglecting? This is actually a form of wounded internal masculine energy, but we don't have time to unpack that today. That you literally cannot control, then the quick fix for that is to go, what is it that is in my control that I've been neglecting? This is actually a form of wounded internal masculine energy, but we don't have time to unpack that today. But you immediately come back into balance when you pull your awareness back from all the stuff that you can't control and you say, look, no amount of worrying about this, no amount of obsessing about this is going to actually change it. So I'm pulling my focus back and I'm going to put it on what is actually within my control. The things that are actually within our control, they're not, you know, it's not a broad scope of things. It's quite limited, but it's the most important stuff, okay? So I want you guys to actually just write down really quickly whatever's coming to mind for you. What is it that's outside of your control? In your business? In your life, in your relationships, in your future, whatever comes to mind, just write a few points down. And then you can go through and write down what actually is within your control. And you might be surprised the amount of things that you thought were in your control that are actually outside of your control. Did you write something down? Want to share? For me, I can't control what other people do, and I can't control other people's emotions and thoughts. It's a good one. But I can control how I react to them, and how they make me feel. . . So, like, even today, as an example, like, something , I'll share it with you guys, it's one of my rebates. I was in the middle of doing something headwind, and that's why I said about joking about Kate and saying, pull a bit more sand and say, let's go for a walk. So, like, there, I can't do anything about that. None of us can. What can we control? Control how we're doing the right things. Is the business of the year three to six foot on the side? . . Do you have anything else as an example for these guys that might be typical? I think outside of your control is how customers trade, how they feel the leverage, how they feel the risk. You cannot control that. all you can do from your side is put them onto the trades that are there for them. How they interpret that is up to them. I think what else is outside of your control is how a market moves. So you can't have any emotional attachment to how that moves. It does what it does. You know, either A is what you want. Buy and perspective is. It does what it does. You know, either A is what it wants. Quite perspective bias. and I do think just building, like, building this with, like, your own internal kind of navigation is the key to this. Because, like, I sometimes get lost in the woo-woo side of this, that, I often miss journey. I often miss, like, I don't know, I don't know if I go to sleep every night with. Oh, okay. Tell me. I mean, it's not a human, it's not a human. That's an everyday thing. I can't control certain things how I feel. but a lot of it is my own internal part of the thing. So, training-wise, we can't control players. We can't control our needs. We just have to show up for that. That's kind of the thing. Markets. The trade signals, to an extent. Maybe had a little bit of a loss in the sauce. So, you might start to see immediately, even just what he's listed there, there's a whole ton of stuff that's not in your control. Okay, cool. Accept that. Let it go. Use your energy to focus on what is within your control. What is within your control? Your attitude, your state, your habits, the actions that you're taking every day. Your focus, how you're looking at things. All of that stuff is within your control, okay? And when you go all in on focusing on the controllables, that is when you tap back into your power. That is where your power is. Okay. There's a spider on the money spider. Okay. Now we're going to jump straight into the vision. And I want to do this. I usually do this. Well, I usually do this. I did one of these before, but I think this is a really good thing to do with this group, especially because obviously the space comes with different challenges and hurdles and there's stuff going on and you need to have a why that's driving you that's going to keep you going, right? So this is something I saw really strongly in Brad, actually. He taught me a lot about this. When I met him, he always had a super clear, consistent vision and he never wavered from that. Even when he was trying dropshipping and e-commerce stores and everything else, the vision at the end was still the same. And then it changed over time when you fell back in love with trading and everything else. But his core drivers, his core reasons as to why he wanted to be successful always stayed consistent and they're still consistent to this day. And that is why I think Brad is able to withstand so many highs and lows and get to the point that he's at today. Because we essentially have two types of motivation. We have push motivation and we have pull motivation. Push motivation is that willpower. It's that drive, right? It's that drive, right? We need, we need push motivation or you won't, you won't start anything, you won't go anywhere. But the people who really make it, they have push and pull motivation. And the pull motivation is from having a vision that is so meaningful and exciting to you that you just can't help but get out of the way and let it happen. It's like, it's so much bigger than you that you just have to keep going even when you're feeling self-doubt or confusion or whatever else, okay? So, I invite you all to write down, what is your why? Why do you want to be in this space? Why do you want to make the money? Why do you want to build a network? Why do you want to be successful? Where do you want to be in a year? What do you want it to look like? And don't limit yourself. Define yourself from the possibilities rather than limitations, okay? And in answering these questions, so you can write down, where do you want to be in one year, five years, and ten years? And why? Like, what do you want it to look like? In answering these, I really invite you to tune into, like, some components that are really meaningful to you, right? So let's say you want to make a lot of money. Why? Why? What are you going to do with it? It needs to have an emotional, like, reason behind it. Otherwise, it's not going to be pulling you forward. So, I know for Brad, a lot of the things for you were helping your family, setting up the dog sanctuary, and now that's what he's doing, and he's getting to fulfill that way. For you, it could be something completely different. It could just be that this is your, this is your passion, and you just want to help people. It could be something more specific. So, define your why. And then, the reason I put in one year, five years, and ten years is because you want to think about what you want to happen in the next year. A lot can happen in a year when you have the right tools and the right mindset. But we often underestimate how much can happen actually in a longer time horizon over 10 years. And if you really think about 10 years from now, how old will you be? Where will you be? What do you want your life to look like? That can really inform and backtrack how you show up today. Because you can get, you can get miles away from where you are right now in the 10-year time frame, right? So, just have a little think about that and write down, where do you want to be in one year, five years, and ten years? And what is your why? Okay, once you've written it down, once you have a vibe for your vision, your goals, where you're going and why, I invite you all to actually decide to go there. Decide. Like, make a decision. Making a decision means cutting off every other possibility. You put your stick in the ground and you say, this is where I'm going. I don't know how. I don't really know when. But I'm deciding that this is where I'm going to go. I think a lot of us underestimate the power of making a strong decision. That type of energy, it really infuses into the, into the field and essentially, as soon as you truly, truly decide, as soon as you say, this is where I'm going, I don't know how, I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to get there at the end of it, you are essentially going to allow a path to unfold from that moment forward to start to get you there. This is what I did back in January. January 2024, right before I moved to Marbella. January 11th, 2024. I wrote down on a piece of paper, YouTuber. I didn't have a YouTube channel. Hadn't even posted a single video on social media. I had a marketing agency that was doing okay, not amazing. Hated it. and I wrote down YouTuber. I wrote down community. I wrote down aligned. I wrote down the income goals, the follower goals, all of it. I wrote down cool opportunities, experiences, blah, blah, blah, all of that. At the time, I was living in my mom's house in the small bedroom, right? I wrote down aligned, supportive partner, all of it. And I was looking at that piece of paper and I was thinking, I don't know how that's going to happen. I have no idea. I don't even know if I can string a sentence together for a video. But I just feel like this is where I'm supposed to go. And I looked at that piece of paper and I just decided in that moment, I said, I'm going there. I am going there. I'm cutting off every other option. That is where I'm going. I don't know how, when, or, like, what the path is going to look like, but that's where I'm going. And I didn't know it at the time, but the path to that reality, which I'm now living in, started unfolding from that moment. Looking back now, I can see it was that decision that started the path to where I am today. I suddenly got an intuition to look on house shares in Facebook groups. I suddenly found a house share in Marbella. I moved to Marbella, and that same day, I met. Bradley. So, tick, aligned partner was done immediately. It started with the decision, though. It started with me having just 1% belief. That's all you need. Just 1%. You make the decision, and then you let go of the how, and you let the path unfold from there. So, decide. This is where you're going, no matter what. And you're probably thinking, but how? But how? You don't need to worry about how. It's not going to be this version of you who figures out how. It's going to be the version of you who's there already. Okay? So the way how to your desired reality, to your dream life, is just becoming the version of you who's there already. Okay? Because that version of you has a particular frequency that corresponds with that reality. I'll go back here a second and explain this really quickly. This is essentially the order of creation and reality. It's be, do, have. You see this in Genesis in the Bible. It says, be fruitful, multiply, have dominion. It says it right there early on. First, you have to be fruitful. Then you can do the action of multiplying. Then you can have dominion. You can't have your dream life. You can't have the desired result until you do the actions, cause and effect, that correspond with that result. But you can't do the actions until you become the version of you who can do the actions. You just can't. Okay? So first you have to become that version of you. Then you do, you take the actions. Then you will have the desired results. So what you have is a result of what you do, and what you do is a result of who you are being. So no matter how crazy or delusional or out there this vision seems, you don't need to worry about the how because the only how is actually you going all in on focusing on becoming the version of you who's there already, who already knows how. Okay? So, on that note, I invite you to define the version of you who already has the results that you desire. This practice has changed so many lives. It is so simple, but it is so powerful. So I really invite you all to take the time to do this, and you're going to just bear with me for a minute. Draw a stick figure like that on a piece of paper. And as you're drawing it, I want you to just connect to the fact that this is the version of you who's already living your vision. This is the version of you who's there already, who this is natural and easy for. So, if you want to write on the top of the page, me with X results, or whatever else you want to use to quantify this, just really tune into the fact that this is actually a parallel version of you who already exists, and you're just tuning into their energy. You're just defining their identity. And once you've written down your beautiful stick men, or stick women, you want to start, some of you started already, but you want to start drawing around that stick figure. Okay, who is this version of you? What are their habits? What are their routines? What are their standards? What are their characteristics? Okay, so if you were to describe this version of you, how would you describe them? So maybe they're more bold than this version of you here today. Maybe they're more loving. Maybe they're more patient. Maybe they're more open. Okay? Write down their characteristics. And even if stuff is coming up that's small to do with the habits. And even if stuff is coming up that's small to do with the habits, like, I remember when I first did this, I had, on my one, just reading more. Researching topics more, because my first few YouTube videos were really, really bad, to be honest. because I wasn't reading. I wasn't brainstorming. I wasn't spending much time with my craft. So I wrote this down and I went, oh my god, this version of me, she actually, like, cares about this and spends time studying. So I wrote down studying, reading. Started doing that, changed the quality of my videos immediately. I had a client do this and she, for some reason, had drinks of green juice. She knew this version of her drank green juice every morning. She's like, that has nothing to do with me being able to launch this new software thing I'm doing. But she started doing that, and when she started drinking the green juice, she started feeling like this version of her, her frequency shifted, her perception shifted, and then all of a sudden she had an idea of who she could reach out to for an investor meeting for her software. From drinking the green juice, okay? So, you're intuitively feeling into this version of you. Your intuition might tell you some random stuff like drink green juice, read more, whatever it is. That stuff is really important. Write that stuff down. That's your blueprint. That's your roadmap to your desired reality. So, you've got your habits, your routines, you've got your characteristics. And then if you want to go a layer deeper, you can also think about your boundaries as this version of you. Your standards as this version of you. Okay? How do you interact with people? How do you treat yourself? Those are really important things to think about as well. Because every next level requires another level of standards and boundaries. Whenever you grow, you need to reinvent those again. And from here, let me see, from here, you essentially, I spoke earlier about you get back in touch with your power when you consistently leave the comfort zone. You leave the comfort zone of your old reality by becoming this new version of you before anything around you changes. Okay? So, you have to become bigger than your environment and your circumstances in order for change to occur. Can you just please go back to every next level define? I, I like that line. was it here? Every next level. Alright. You've got your characteristics. And then if you want to, your standards as this version of you. How do you treat yourself? Those are really important things to think about as well. Because every next level requires another level of standards. And boundaries. Whenever you grow, you need to reinvent those again. Was it this line? We're at the right time, right? . . And from here, let me see, from here, you essentially, I spoke earlier about, you get back in touch with your power when you consistently leave the comfort zone. You leave the comfort zone of your old reality by becoming this new version of you before anything around you changes. Okay? So. You have to become bigger than your environment and your circumstances in order for change to occur. You need to be the change that you wish to see externally reflected to you in your reality. And this is the key point that I feel a lot of us fall back on. We decide, we come to things like this, we write down the version of us, the habits, whatever, we're thinking, cool, I'll do that. We go back to our normal lives, our normal circumstances, we get triggered back into the old identity, we stay stuck in the old reality because we continue to be defined by our old circumstances. So remember me saying, you have to become bigger than your old environment and your old circumstances in order for change to occur. So you have to be okay for a little while being a new self in an old reality. You just have to be okay with that. So that looks like things coming up, things happening, and you responding differently. That looks like the same old income coming in and you deciding to not be defined by that, okay? It looks like maybe people treating you a certain way and you saying, no, these are my boundaries now. You have to be okay being a new self in an old reality for a little while because this is essentially how you retrain reality on how to respond to you. This is you leaving the comfort zone of your old self. And if you don't consciously decide to do this, you will default to being created by your environment and your circumstances. And that will be the feedback loop that you experience. Okay? So, you see the example here we have, let's say the current reality is making 5k per month, you want to go to the desired reality and make it 50k per month. You have to, in the 5k per month reality, become the 50k per month version of you. And then, reality will start to change around you to become that of the desired reality. Okay. So this is the feedback loop, right? A lot of us. So this is the feedback loop, right? A lot of us stay stuck in this feedback loop in our reality where we see our circumstances, we see the way people are speaking to us, the things going on around us, whatever income is coming in, whatever amount of clients are coming in, and we allow our circumstances to dictate our state and define us. And because we allow our circumstances to dictate our state and define us, that keeps us stuck in the same vibration, in the same frequency, in the same perception, and that is what keeps us corresponding with the same circumstances over and over and over again. Okay? So this was me for the longest of times. One of my biggest blocks was with money. I was able to overcome a lot of things in relationships and in my career, but money was kind of the last hurdle for me. And I remember I was studying, like, the mechanics of reality, how this universe works, how energy works, how our identity is impacting our reality and everything like that. And I remember one day, I had such a bad lack mindset. I opened up my bank account with this new awareness of the fact that I'm, I'm the one who's actually perpetuating these cycles. And I looked at the number in my bank account. I think it was like 800 euros. And normally that would trigger me. I would say, oh my god, I don't know how I'm going to pay for this. I don't know how I'm going to pay for that. I feel a lot of lack. I feel a lot of insecurity. I'm never going to be rich. I'm never going to be wealthy, blah, blah, blah. And I would let the circumstance, me seeing lack, define me and put me into an energy of lack. And guess what? That kept me constantly in circumstances of lack. Because your state is creating your reality. But that day, I saw that number in my bank account, and I saw lack, and I just realized, that doesn't define me unless I say it does. And I'm going to take my power back from the circumstance. I'm going to change my identity, my beliefs, my energy, my focus today, knowing that when I do that, my circumstances have no choice but to change, because that is the order of creation in reality. It is the laws of the universe, okay? And I did that, and my bank account is never been that low again, will never be that low again. It's exploded since that day. Because the moment that you shift your energy, the moment that you shift your energy, you see lack or whatever it is in your circumstances that you don't like, and you rise above it, and you define yourself from internally instead, and you said, despite the circumstance in front of me, I am abundant, or I am however you wish to define yourself. That is the moment that you start defining your reality. That is the moment that actually everything starts to change. The old circumstances have to begin to fall away as soon as you take your power back and you begin to define yourself despite your circumstances. Okay? It's the only way to break the loop. So you have to be okay becoming a new self in an old reality despite your circumstances for a while, and then things can start to change. And I want to just finish on three hacks to stay in the energy of success. I could have given you 20, but we're going to do three. And the first one is to be your best regardless of the outcome of the situation. So I spoke about this the last training event or the one before that. But when it comes to success, a lot of people are not actually trying their best. You know, we spoke about a minute ago, be, do, have. If you actually focus on being your best, that's, that's going to correspond with you being able to do your best, and then you're going to have your best results in your reality. When it comes to success, a lot of people are not actually trying their best. You know, we spoke about a minute ago, be, do, have. If you actually focus on being your best, that's going to correspond with you being able to do your best, and then you're going to have your best results in your reality. And I think so many people, there's actually a lot of people call Price's law, where like, I can't remember the exact statistics, but like less than half of a group are responsible for, like, most of the success of most things, right? Because most people are not actually doing their best. And if you actually do your best, it puts you in a category of the 1% immediately. So I invite you to just ask yourself, have you actually been doing your best? And it's not about what other people are doing. It's not about competing with anyone else. It's about you versus you. If you just look after becoming a little bit better every single day and having that consistency, you will grow so quickly and you will outpace everyone else because you're focusing on you and doing your best. This one is so important. Who's heard the phrase, you're either learning or you're earning? Okay. So you have to let your business work on you before it works for you, i.e. Learn your lessons. So, sometimes, as Bradley explained earlier, growth looks like this, right? We have really massive, amazing, exciting growth periods, and then we have low periods where it seems like nothing is really happening in our business or in our lives. Those periods are periods where the business may not be working for you so well, but it's working on you. It is teaching you the lessons that you need to learn in order to earn the next level of your business, of your income. The question is, are you going to listen? Are you going to actually pay attention to those lessons? And are you going to learn them? So, every single period of your life, if it's a down period, there are particular things that you are being taught. Life will school you. Especially if you decided on that vision here today. Don't expect it to be an easy path. Life will show you where you're not ready. Life will challenge you. Life will test you. Life will throw stuff in your path to help you become that version of you who can have what you desire. So when things may not seem like they're working for you in your business, that's because your business is working on you. You're supposed to be learning your lessons. So make sure you actually pay attention and you have the humility to learn them. That is how you earn the next level. And then the last point is to change your autopilot reactions, okay? So just pay attention to how you react to things in your environment. How you react to maybe the way people speak to you. How you react to maybe your income taking a dip. How you react to looking at your bank account, like my example, right? Your reactions are really, really, really important. And if you can start to keep a diary or some kind of log of how you're reacting to things, like the things that trigger you most emotionally specifically. The things that put you into a negative state. If you can start to keep a diary or some kind of log of how you're reacting to things, like the things that trigger you most emotionally specifically, the things that put you into a negative state, you want to really start paying attention to those things because your state is the most important thing. Your state changes your perception. When you get into a negative state, when something triggers you and you start reacting, you begin to spiral, your perception constricts, and then you can't see the big picture. You can't see the solutions. You can't see the way out. So start to notice the things that trigger you, the things that trigger certain reactions in you, and start to pay attention to how you respond usually emotionally and start to make a plan for how you want to respond instead. How you can respond as this new empowered version of you. Because that moment-to-moment shifting from just autopilot reaction to response is the moment that you're actually exercising control and the creative faculty that you've been gifted in this world. It's the moment you actually start creating your circumstances rather than your circumstances continuing to create you. Okay. So, growth in reality is just a mirror of growth of the self. Who you become on the journey to your desired reality is actually what makes it meaningful. If I just handed you guys the income, the business, yes, you'd probably be a little bit excited, but it wouldn't be as meaningful as it will be when you go throughout the process of character development that it's going to take for you to get there. Whatever goals you've written down, Like me with my subscriber account. If someone just handed me 100,000 subscribers. It would feel meaningless. The only reason it was actually so meaningful and so fulfilling was because I knew the character development that it took for me to get to that point. And it's the same with all of you and all of your visions and all your goals. So fall in love with the process. Take it one step at a time. Like even earlier today. When Alejandro was speaking about making the content, we can get really caught up in, like, stressing about whether it's going to look good or the right system or this and that. But it all happens in the process. Like, when you turn on that camera and you make a video and it's terrible, you've learned something. That's part of your process. It's going to shift you a little bit and change you. The next video you make is going to be a little bit better. The next one you make is going to be a little bit better. So it's all about the process. So fall in love with the process. And the moment you begin to shift your focus and your energy, the results that you desire will begin to unfold automatically. Okay. Thank you. Alrighty. we're gonna shift gears a little bit, but first, I was curious, did you guys have any favorite lines or lessons from this? it's really a, you know, an eye-opening for me. . especially about the identity, and . the line? Alright. The line or the learning? Just, just anything, like, a, a lesson that you learned, or, or, bottom line, it doesn't have to be anything, like, super, specific, but. . so, for me, you cannot manage the things that you cannot measure. we cannot manage the things that we cannot measure. we are just starting to frustrate or depress or get anxiety. The things, you know, we get, if, because we want control for everything. . And, when it comes to meaningful vision, you need to know your why. Why you are doing this, why you are doing that. You need to know the purpose. Okay. Knowing what you are doing. knowing what you are doing. . and. Go ahead. about the identity? that's, you know, that really hits me a lot. like, this is also the question of Sir Alan to me before. Like, how do you see yourself? where do you want to be in one year? How do you see yourself? . So, I think I, it's really kind, I have, I do have a poor mindset about me because of what, because of my situation, because of, you know, how I look at myself. So. it's really an eye-opening for me that, you need to change the way you look at things, the way you look yourself, the way you react. . Because your, your word creates your world. I love that. what about you, Anne? Did you have any favorite lessons or, or lines? I guess I had this, line that struck me the most. It says, you need to, no, we need to focus on the, controllable. . And also, we need to, be the change you wish to see externally in our reality. So, I guess we just need to focus on what we need to focus on and also, you know, define a version of, who we want to, who we want to be or what knowledge we want to take on, or basically, if we want to improve, we should be, open to change within ourselves, so. all great things, I kind of just chose a random video, but I'm very happy I, I watched it, 'cause. I also think, like, identity is a huge thing, and, I think about, like, the time. when, the times that I've, like, had the most success, I, I did truly, like, embody this ease. Like, I wasn't focused on the problems or other things. Like, I kind of just. was in this, like, flow state of mind, and I just kind of, like, allowed myself to be, and I had my attention on what I was doing, and then that ended up bringing me the most success or the most fun days, that I've experienced. So, I love, I love the whole identity thing, and, Something I try to remind myself of all the time. okay. So, let's, let's move to this. So, do you guys have your three tasks written out? Under your, under your Notion. Let's see. Where's the Notion? just fill your tasks, your to-do tasks up here. And then, I know he wrote down in the Slack what he wanted you guys to, to focus on today. But, just make sure you have three tasks written down over here. And then, for each of your clients, We want you guys to be able to add the score, the, the corresponding tasks. So just remember, always duplicate. You just click on everything you need and then duplicate it and drag it over. let's say you take on another client. You can just, here, close this. Take on another client. Click on this. Control C. Actually. Click on this. Duplicate. Duplicate without content. And then you have another one here. But, so, also, just a reminder, if there's something that needs to be done here that isn't written here, then we want you guys to also, you can create your own thing. Like, follow up. Or, if you are to add a task. here. Duplicate. Let me just move this one over. or if you want to keep everything, if you want to keep everything, like, neat, like, let's say, anything regarding inquiries and stuff for Equifax and TransUnion, you can also keep it here. Whatever is easiest for you. you can do comments, like, remove. And then you can, like, screenshot the credit report and add the screenshot to the, to the, add the screenshot to the comments. And then it'll all be here. you can do comments, like, remove, and then you can, like, screenshot the credit report and add the screenshot to the, to the, add the screenshot to the comments, and then it'll all be here, and then you can also do notes here, notes, screenshots, files, if it's easiest for you to copy a document, And then you can also do notes here. Notes, screenshots, files. If it's easiest for you to copy a document, wait. If it's easiest, hold on. Wait. If it's easiest, hold on. Can I exit this? Let me exit. if it's easiest for you to do a document, by the way, I put the documents here, for you guys. And, you want to, like, copy a credit report over? you can do this, this, this. you can either copy the link to all, let me see if we can duplicate it. Maybe control C. open this up. you can just control C, control V on your computer. And then paste it here. So you have all the credit reports here. but however you want to do it. do you have any questions about this? where should I access the credit credentials? Like, for example, I want to, just, I want to see the, the credit report, or the, I want to, to, to log into their credit. . On tribunals to see if the items are already deleted. so, if the document isn't here already, and you want to log in, also, you can, like, save the logins somewhere here. That just makes it easier for you. But, Go to go high level. Go high level, actually. In go high level, we have notes, for the client's logins. Let's see, Ashwini. See if he has his logins here. So, he has some logins here, just, I guess the logins for, I'm not sure how we're getting into these. This Experian Credit Karma TransUnion. Let me ask. Okay, so, there's that. Also, by the way, we do want you to, record all of your, all of your calls that you make. So, whether, I think he, he invited you all to, to Zoom and Fathom, right? . Okay. so, I guess if you want to hop in a call with yourself or something, just record it. you can go to fathom.video. You can find the link of your call. And then you can add your link to Notion. And then just put a date on it as well. . So, we need to save all of those. And then, this is helpful as well, because this is what we're aiming for. we're aiming for a Cinderella profile, which means we want it to look the best to all lenders and banks, which means we need to optimize the 700 plus, credit score, which is why we do the disputes. we want all correct personal information. Just a reminder, we have, like, we have all the SOPs here, so we have mine, and then we have legacies as well, so watching these videos can help. You can close this, close this. What else? I think, That's about it. . So, we want to remove these. You can also, like, once they're complete, you can just check them off. Let's say he removed his late payments fully, or we disputed them, or whatever. You can just check it off here, too. . Okay. Grace, what are your three priority tasks for the, for the day? And then can, can you fill this out as well? I'll send you the link. according to Alan, we just wanted to call the Bureau for Ed, Experian, to, you know, to follow up the accounts if it's already been removed. And right after that, I will move to Ashwan, Ashwani. Okay. . Awesome. And just make sure to write out your three tasks today. And, for Anne, do you know your three tasks today? Anne, you there? . Anne is there. Okay, do you know your three tasks for today? Priority tasks? I do. I do have, like, a continuation. How would you call that? my, what do you call that? Like, I wasn't able to finish the task yesterday. . so my three tasks would include, sending out the letter for reinsertion to the portals and sending them out to CFPB as well. And what else? disputing for, second, what do you call that? Second, second, like, not major, not major bureaus. . Like, check this one, check this next one. secondary bureaus. And, I think that's it. Or, I don't know. Alan gave me a new task, on Slack. Okay. Then that'll be one of your three tasks. . And just a reminder, we do want the, the information to be very, very correct, because, so you just have to triple check. Like, let's say you're filling out, some kind of form for TransUnion. You want to make sure the address, the capital, down to the capitalization, and how it's spelled on the credit report. You want to. Filled in for TransUnion the same way, but you wouldn't use, like, a spelling they use for Experian, on TransUnion. So just make sure everything is, like, uniform and correct. And. yesterday, I, I sent it out, and, it says, we're sorry, we're unable to honor your request. . Okay. if you have any questions, let's see, what is this? Okay. . If you have any questions, hold on. Let me, let me do a page. I don't know. I'm, like, losing my voice. Oh my god. . Let me delete this. If you have any questions, you can just write them here, by the way. you can, like, ask a question. If you want to do, like, a drop-down thing so it doesn't get cluttered, you can do toggle heading and then, like, ask the questions here. Put screenshots or whatever you need. And then, I would take a picture, or screenshot, like, what you saw, send it to Alan, and then also just put it in the questions here, and then just, like, keep it, keep your questions saved so that you can, like, actually learn through your, your, the problems you're having. And, just confirm with Alan, what you have to do, and then also Grace and Anne just work together so that, you guys can help each other. don't be afraid to ask questions. We would rather have you guys, ask us or confirm with us before you send in something or do something if you're not 100% certain. Because I know, for, like, disputing stuff, it has to be, like, sometimes we only get one chance with things. I don't know exactly how it works, but, just make sure to help each other. Ask me, Alan. I don't know everything, though, so, bear with me here. I'm also learning the dispute stuff as well. so. We went over our tasks. You guys understand how to, like, fill this out and work, work with this? The notion? . We will learn it. Okay, awesome. So, just make sure to fill out your, your tasks, and, I don't know if he wants you guys to do a start of day report. But, I would do that just in case, too. Maybe end of day, or? I know we have end of day reports here. and then. Oh, I don't think I'm in that. Oh, let me see if I can add you, because I was having trouble adding you, so. let me see if I can add you and add the channel. okay, I can't add you to channel yet, so, if we can't get you in here, by tonight, just, send in your end-of-day report to Alan's direct message, and he has a template here of what he wants you guys to do for end-of-day report. it's right here. wait, your end-of-day report, what you did, when you did it, how long it took, exact specifics, results. . I guess this is what you, what you should do. Like, for mine, my, my tasks, I kind of, like, time-step mine. Let's see. Wherever it is. I, like, write. Total one, I did a Zoom with Alan. One to, I write, like, basically like this. I know your, your guys is gonna have to be a little bit more detailed because, like, we want to know everything about the, what you guys did for disputing and stuff. and then, and then also if you, you finished your tasks and, or if you're on hold, just watch the training videos, review SOPs, familiarize yourself with systems and processes, review client profile and trajectory, review client pipeline if available. I'm not sure what this looks like or if they have it done yet. write down specifics. what challenges are you facing? Okay. And then. So, apparently, he wants to, he wants to have, like, one-on-one time with us. So, I don't know. maybe just have an idea of a time slot if you want to have a one-on-one with him, I guess. . okay. And just a reminder, this is in Pacific Standard Time. So. which is, like, three hours behind Eastern. And what, it's 1:15 a.m. there? Mmm. . Okay. Awesome. Well, great. alrighty. I'm gonna start doing my work. You guys can start, doing your own work as well. I don't know if you want to stay in the call or create your own Zooms or create one between you two or do a huddle. either way is fine. We can create our own Zoom while doing. Alright. And, also be sure to help out Anne if she has any questions. and then, Anne, if you can't verify anything through Grace, try and verify through Alan or me if, if, like, you need to know if, the information looks right before you send in a document or something or whatever. Okay. Any questions? Something like that. . Okay. We'll get in touch later if we have questions. I feel like I'm gonna start with Notion. Alright, and just a reminder, we do have tons of resources on, on Notion to learn, so. If you can't find something specific or need help finding, like, a specific, video for a specific task, just let me know and I can probably find something for you. alrighty. Have a good day. Good luck, everyone. Good. bye, guys. Na, wala na siya. Masyadong day, mag-free talk po ako. Sorry, hindi na to on Zoom, or, inganay na to. Oops.