[00:00](https://fathom.video/calls/782957344?timestamp=0) Alan Nguyen: Thank you. I was in. I didn't realize you were in either. But welcome, welcome. Oh my gosh, thank you, girl. Thank you so much. It's such a pleasure to work with you. It's, the voice that you have is so lovely. You have such a... Oh my god, stop. I'm blushing. I actually, I hate my voice, but that makes me... No, don't. Don't. I was, I was doing B2B sales. And you sound like the CEO of companies that I've worked with. You know, that you have that, like, soft but perfect, clean, cleanness to your voice. And you, you're, you're very sharp with what you say and how you say, like, your tonality is super professional and super, like, I'm in charge. Like, I know what I'm doing. That's awesome. That's so sweet. Thank you so much. I'm so glad to be in this Zoom room with you, and of course, like, I want to break the ice, get to know you better, so tell me a little bit about you, and I'll tell you more about me. sure. so, Lynn is my middle name. My first name is Sabrina, but I just have my own name, Lynn, because that's how he knows me, and, I just prefer my middle name. and then I, I'm turning 29 this year. Hey, when, actually? when was that, the 12th? On the 12th, yes. awesome. And you're, what was it? I am the 25th of September. 25th or 26th? 26th. 26th, awesome. Yes. With my, September Libras. we are September babies, the best month. Yes, yes. And, but aside from that, I, I guess I'll talk about what I like. I like, I love life, I love experiences, I, I want to travel more. I used to DJ. I want to get back into DJing. I love games as well, like video games. They've always been a huge part of my life and I love them. and I just find such a big passion in my heart for anything art related and anything to do with creation. I find very, very inspiring and profound because it's like you can create a whole universe. Just on nothing, just on your, your, your own consciousness, and I think that is such a, a beautiful thing, whether it's through music, through movies, video games, photography. I, I love all of that stuff. I also like, activity stuff, like, I used to draw, I also really enjoy snowboarding, but I haven't done it in ages, so I'd probably, my legs would probably die out in maybe two hours, but that's okay. what else? I guess, I guess those are the main things. where are you located right now? I'm in Florida right now. I've been living here for a couple years, but I'm literally driving back to California starting this Saturday morning, like, early in the morning. So, I'm gonna be busy and out and about. Wait, hold on. You're in Florida? I'm in Florida. Nice. And is this your only job or do you have another job? This is my only job right now. Oh, nice. Is this your only job, you know? Yes. At the moment, yes. . I have a friend of mine building a company. so, I help her here and there with, like, some sales tips because, she, she doesn't really have much experience in sales. She has more experience in, like, the industry she set up her business in, which is beauty. but I'm just, like, helping her review, like, marketing materials. I'm telling her, oh, this logo is weird. This color is weird. so I'm helping her with that. So it's kind of, like, what I want to help Alan do as well. that's great. So, I apologize beforehand if I'm, like, very, intense and I want to get my hands on any, on anything and everything, but, at my past role, I was a sales representative, and I was the top performer, so I was working alongside with the chief operation officer, because she trusted me with many of her tasks, and I was helping her do her tasks, and I realized how much I love operations, and, and being everywhere at once. that's great, and as a September Virgo, I, I know you are very good at that. But, so, you grew up in the United States your entire life? I was born in Miami, my mom took me when I was six months old, we moved to Queens, and then after that, we moved to California, so. Holy \! California girl. Oh my god\! Oh, I lived in, I lived in Bushwick for a year, and that's, like, on the limit with Queens, so I would go to Ridgewood a lot. I don't know if you're familiar with Ridgewood. I'm, I'm very not familiar with New York at all. Because you were very little when you left? I was like a fetus, so. By the way, do you want to type, do you want to type your Insta in the chat? That way, that way we're, like, connected outside of work. Oh, absolutely. Let me go ahead and send it to you. underscore. That should be my Instagram. But feel free to reach out, especially at work, like, you can always, ask me anything, or show me anything. Your username is so funny. Your username. I'm so, hold on, boo lin, oh, underscore. I think I found you. No, it, no. What does this say? Konichiwa? Oh, no. So, I'm, I'm, I was learning Japanese, and then. Oh, my God, I love Japanese. I saw this person, do, like, this, this, like, funny video, and he was like, konichiwa, and I don't know if you know, but, like, waguang is, like, a greeting in, in Jamaican Patois, and they say that they, they use Jamaican Patois in Toronto and the UK. Wow. So, but. You're so cultured. Silly. Your Instagram looks so aesthetic, the way I wish mine looked. Oh, my God, girl. Thank you. Only a few likes. But . And then how do you know Alan, by the way? I met Alan through, Apex, actually. Apex Legends. We used to play that game a lot. What? . So, you met online on Xbox? Not on Xbox, but on PC. What? And, we just, like, both connected through, like, our spirituality. Because we're both, very high vibe. And we want, to bring light into our lives. And. That's fun. I think we, we both connected on that, that level. And what about you? What was your story with Alan? so, I met him working at my other company. I was working in virtual recruitment. So, like, all these people looking for, like, remote jobs. . I was a senior hiring manager, so I was a closer there. I was a five-time top closer in a row. So, like, top performer, five months in a row. No one, no one dethroned me. Even though they tried really hard. so I'm very money driven. I love closing. I love making money. I love making a company money, but I will not allow or tolerate any disrespect. the director of the department changed in June and I don't know what the his deal was, but he had it out for me super bad. He would threaten me all the time that I would get fired over, like, bad connection or, oh my god, I didn't close one client, but I closed hundreds. so, I started feeling the hostility and the mistreatment and I was just, like, not mentally okay, so I decided to quit last week and I was working with Alan. He never hired. Because he didn't like any of the candidates that we had. I mean, I didn't find, I didn't find the candidates. I was only, like, closing and presenting the candidates that recruitment gave me. So that wasn't on me. but Alan and I had a very good relationship. and we made real good friends and we stayed connected. Like, we met back, we met back in April. And then in July, he texted me saying, like, I need to hire people ASAP. Like, things are ramping up. And I was like, okay, let's have an interview. He did not like anybody. I quit. I quit. So I texted him last Friday. I was like, oh, I just want to let you know I'm no longer there. So I texted him last Friday. I was like, oh, I just want to let you know I'm no longer there. And, he was like, I hope you find what you're looking for. And then I messaged him back saying, well, you are what I'm looking for. And, he was like, I hope you find what you're looking for. And then I messaged him back saying, well, you are what I'm looking for. Like, I can, I was like, I can start tomorrow. And he was like, what? No way. Are you serious? No way. I was like. He was like, oh my god, I can't believe this is happening, blah, blah, blah. so. That's awesome. I especially, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. No, you're good. I especially have been wanting to learn, sales. So, I'm, I'm, like, new to sales, even though I've been a waitress for about a decade. Oh, you, you got this then, because that's how I got into sales. I was a server, a bartender. so, if you have done that job, you have good sales rapport guaranteed. Like, you're not gonna have any issues building rapport with people. I already feel. . The only difficulties I will make you, like, I'm not gonna lie, it's very intimidating, and it's, it's hard to overcome, but handling objections is where, it's where sales gets tough. But, you should never let that stop you. Like, at the end of the day, if you don't close a client, you close the next one. It's how it goes. Like, it's like a, it's like a soccer match. Like, you walk up to the goal, keeper, you shoot your ball. Sometimes it goes in, sometimes it doesn't, but the fact that the ball didn't go in doesn't stop the game. Like, you're just gonna keep fighting to bring the ball back to the goalkeeper and, essentially, you're gonna make it in. That's how sales is. I'm, I'm very, very excited to, to actually get into sales, cause I think that is just a very, very valuable life skill that, is useful in many areas of life, so I'm, I feel good knowing that, knowing that you're here and you have experience and, I have more people to help me with, handling objections and, and whatnot. So. So. That's great. . Sorry, I'm just, like, doing one million things at a time. No, you're good. but I lost track of what we were doing. Oh, no, it's okay. so we're gonna work on the breakout is what Alan wanted. and I sent you the link to the document. Did you get it? I think I saw it. Hold on. it's just the, the link before this one. I just, oh, so it's the show rate playbook. That's what I see. Oh. Oh, no, I clicked the wrong one. The wrong one. there's. Alright, so, this one is videos ideas to film. So, if you look at the second tab, there, these are the short form video ideas. for Q\&A, I know we need to ask, Q\&A questions, like, what would clients normally ask? I already have some listed. I can actually copy and paste them here. And are you getting those Q\&As from, Alan's Fathom recordings? no, I haven't looked, but I think that's a great idea. because that's what he mentioned he wanted to do. He wanted to sync his Fathom to Claude and have Claude extract, the Q\&A. Do you know if we have access to Alan's Fathom account? I don't think so, but, I might be able to log in through his Gmail, so. That's something we can try and see if we can do before I bother him with the. let me, let me just check. Sign in with Google. Okay, I, I was able to get in. So. So, he wants, he mentioned this to me on Monday. He wants Claude, he wants to put all the call transcripts into Claude and have Claude give us a list of the most frequent asked questions. That way we can put those questions here in these videos. Because remember how he's been saying he wants to preemptive, preemptively handle objections in his videos. Like, he wants people, he wants people to, because he wants to send people a video once they book the call. He wants people to get a video that contains information, but also the video would cover some of the objections they may have. So when they come into the call, it's not so much objection handling, but rather talking about the offer and the next steps. Because that's also something that Alan is losing a lot of time in, in his sales calls. . He spends a lot of time, like, objection handling. So he wants to create a video where he's preemptively handling objections within that video. . . So, I feel like we need to, we need to ask Claude for two things. We need to ask Claude, what are the most common objections that are raised, that are, you know, raising in, in these calls? And what are the most frequently asked questions? . Now, on the recordings, is there a way to download them all at once? you know, I don't even see his, like, recent calls. Like, his sales calls on his Fathom here. So, I'm not sure. Do you have access to his, his Gmail at all? No. Okay, so, because I have access here, but, like, let me share, share my screen, because I don't even see his sales calls on here, for some reason. I see, like, his older calls, and, like, his coaching calls that he has with his coaches. I don't know. I don't know about. I'm texting him. Where can we find your sales calls so that we can prompt the recordings into? Into Claude and find out what are the common Objections. Questions. That arise. When did you start? When was your first day? I think around the 7th of June. Wow. it was just, it was just me and him for maybe until, like, last week. Wow. And, you, before this, you were, what'd you say? before this, directly before this, I was actually doing, chatting. I don't know if you know what chatting is. No. It's, it's basically sales, but in. Like a chatbot? I was, no, no, no. I was, so, I was under an NDA, but basically I worked for a chatting agency, which is for OnlyFans girls. So, basically, I would be on. Oh, my God. My friends were doing that here in Argentina, and I, I, I helped them with that. So, you're kind of, like, sexting, right? . I don't know. How much was, how much was that paying you if you were based in the US? I'm interested in comparing. Based in the US? So, I had a, like a, what was it? A seven point, I already, so I started at 7.5 commission. I reached a 40k, 43k sales goal. Wow. And I, I ended up, bumping my commission rate up to 7.5%. But I know other country, people in other countries get, like, a lower percentage. Or just, like, depends on where they are. But. I, I, I peaked at, at 43k. I would have hit 50k if I didn't. So, per, per month, between your 7.5 and your commission, how much were you averaging? so, my, like, what I was taking home? Yes. So, I would. On average, since earlier this year, it kind of slowed down. It was, like, I was taking home, like, 2,300 a month, but I peaked at, like, 3.5, 3.7k. Wow. That's not bad. Oh, my God. The girls in Argentina don't even get commission. They just get the hourly. Oh, really? they're getting anything between three to five dollars an hour. Wow. Not, not my agency. And they don't, and they don't get commission. . . no, with my agency, they, it was all. My friend, sorry, go ahead. Oh, no, it's okay. I was just gonna say that it was, it was commission only across the, across the whole thing. So, if you're, like, in another country and you're doing really well, you have the potential to make a lot of money. You also have the potential to make a lot of money, in the U.S. too, because I know someone, who I worked with, he actually hit almost 200k in sales in one month, and he, that was, like, a take home of, like, probably, I assumed, 15k or, or so. What? So, you can make a lot of money. He was a good, he was a good sexter. he was. Oh. But it's, it's like you constantly have to, be creative and innovative and you have to try new things. ? Was he gay? No. No? It's just, it's just guys know what they want, so I find that they're, like, great sexters, but I personally suck at that, because I, I'm, like, I need to do things that are authentic to me in order to, like, succeed. He did, he did have that going for him. Like, he was a heterosexual sexting another heterosexual female with what? With what he knows he would want to hear. So, he had an unfair advantage, for sure. Wow. What a . If I did stay, though, as a chatter, I was, like, on track to make 50K a month and on track to, just increase that because I had, I had the good, I had guidance from, other people and stuff and. Wow. And what made you walk away? I just didn't, I didn't like how much it was consuming my life because I, it just felt very draining. . . . Always on your phone. Seven days a week and it's just like too much. Definitely too much. I just wanted to do something that felt good to my soul. And I, I don't feel good about, like, draining people of their money. In, in that way. . I mean, these people, like, come wanting that anyway, but it's like. . It's, like, fun making the sale, but then other times when you're not, it's, like, kind of stressful. alright. So. Also, may you fix your notification to be something in either workspace or global notification settings? Sometimes it's on there. what is he saying? Why are my notifications paused? So, while we wait for him, okay, he's answering. Sent to your email. What did he send? I'm just so happy I can't, like, stop smiling. Aww. Is it because you're coming or what? because I'm working here, because I'm coming from, like, a very toxic past few months. It was very toxic, like, people on the team, did not like me because, obviously, I was the top performer for so long, and there wasn't a good vibe. Overall, within the team. . Like, they were, they were like, they were like, soup groups, you know, like, we were a 30 people team. So, of course, you had, like, the Colombians, all friends with each other, and they would, like, leave you out, talk , whatever. Then I had my, my, my click, where it was, like, the original team members that were there when I started. I don't know. It was just, like, very toxic environment. Like, everyone had, a simultaneous agenda. Like, no one was really your friend. They were all just trying to get something out of you. And, and, and, and no one praised anybody for doing anything. And then if you had initiative to do something, like, people wouldn't be happy with that. Like, they would be like, oh, who did. Who does she think she is? But, like, they were missing the point. Like, the point is, we're trying to make this company better and bring it afloat and have it be successful. Like, why would you be upset at that? . that's weird behavior. I don't like that. I don't tolerate that either. So, I get you. But don't worry. We're a family here. . I. I value communication and making sure people feel safe, seen, and heard, so. but, he's not answering me. so, you were able to go into his Fathom? I got into his Fathom, but I don't see all his sales calls here. Let me, let me try and refresh or something. I don't know if he has his Fathom. Maybe. I don't know if you see here. It shows. There's, like, two calls from recently, but, and one call from July, which makes no sense because he's taken more calls than, than this, so. But I don't see any of his sales calls. I see all of his coaching calls here. Okay, so he's saying that we cannot see his calls through the Fathom workspace, but we can see them through the Sales Portal in Notion. Sales Portal in Notion, okay, so. I don't know what that is. I assume it's gonna be, I don't like this AI swap, but it's okay. Maybe it's somewhere in here. Where in Notion would that be? Also, is Alan in the waiting room? Because I just sent him this link. I don't think he's in the waiting room. I don't think anyone has a wait, like. The waiting room is bypassed anytime I host. Oh, okay. Because I don't, I don't use it. Because he sent me, he sent me a Zoom link. I don't know, but I told him, why don't you come here since we're both here? Sales Portal in Notion. What is the freaking Sales Portal in Notion? I don't know. Whatever he did here with the AI, I'm, I'm not a fan of, because it's just making things more disorganized, but. I agree. we'll figure it out eventually. we will. Sales Portal, Sales Portal, Sales Portal. I don't see anything called Sales Portal. I don't either, so. Maybe in the closer training. okay. There's a few. Oh, no, but they're Constantines. Not Alliances. We are having issues finding the sales portal. there was this. search bar, I think, that he, he mentioned. So, sales. so I typed in sales, but it takes me to closer training. Mm. Mm. Oh, sales calls. Fathom. Yes. You got it? . Okay, awesome. . I'm gonna send you the link. Okay. But there is no, alright, so, oof, okay, so they are per date. Alan's sales calls. So this one is for 808. So, there's a call recording on there. But why do they all have their own page? Interesting. It's the AI. they're not, they're not all grouped together. . It's kind of annoying. This one, it says it's from 701. Wait, he just sent me a Zoom link. I guess he doesn't want to join here. So, I don't know. I guess I'm going to leave. You can, I mean, you can just join back when you're done. Unless he wants me there, then, send me the link and I'll join. We'll do. Okay. Thanks, man.
[35:02](https://fathom.video/calls/782957344?timestamp=2102) Sabrina Neves: Hello. Oh, hello. Oh, I thought that was my blanket.
[35:10](https://fathom.video/calls/782957344?timestamp=2110) Alan Nguyen: Wait, she, she just went over to yours, that's why. Here she is. As soon as I left, I see Alan join, and I'm like, oh, I just exited. So, Alan, what we're doing is we want to prompt Claude to extract from your sales calls recordings, like you mentioned, some of the objections, some of the questions, so that we can make and prepare, create that video for you to film. cause I recall you saying, you would like to preemptively cover their objections with a video. Exactly. the whole matrix of it. . The thing is that in Notion, I was able to find some of the recordings, but they're like super scattered and they're, they're there per date versus me just having access to your call log and just being able to pull every single link all together. Because as of now in Notion, I'm typing, I'm typing sales call from Fathom and it takes me to very unique pages where there's one call there. Is there a way that we could have just a log of every single call you had, all of the recordings? At once. let's see. let's figure that out, but have you looked, have you looked at the master closing framework, B2? Master framework, what? I'm sorry? B2. Did you see, the link I sent you? There should be, like, more than enough video listed, listed in there. There's, like, and then B1 also, there's, like, one, two, three, like, a lot. Where did you send this link? To your Slack? To me directly as a DM? I guess it didn't go through. Hold on. I don't, I don't think it went through because the only links I see are for, like, Zoom. Okay, one moment. no worries. Okay, so this is the, so my car's, like, tweaking out right now. the link you just sent me, It's trying to take me to a meeting. There we go. Alright, there we go. Perfect. this looks. Yes, so, you maybe have. I had trouble finding it before, because I noticed it the other day, but I did move everything, so it's a little more, like, organized, because it was kind of in the hub, which maybe is too confusing. This is kind of above the hub. And, so you have the V2 and V1, the very top two. If you open up those two, that on the very top, or sorry, so the V2, it won't be all on the top, but it'll be periodically throughout. There should be links. If not, maybe I have to go ahead of that. Well, there is in the table. But in V1, on the very top of V1, there should be a bunch of links at the top. Have you seen that? V2 does not have, does not have links, but let me open V1. V2 is the row in the table, just not very top. there's no document called V1, but I guess it's the master closing framework with no V or anything. Exactly, exactly. But that one has Constantine's, sales structure. And then I see a call on 617, 610, 6384. So these are the, the Fathom calls. So I see P-ready is in there. Exactly. I would, I would say like, I know you're eager to do like sales right now. And you, you can like, like, you know, like touch up on that stuff, but I think the most efficient route to be able to even help you get to the sales faster is one, if we can just like hyper focus on the systems first, which is just resolving the show rates, and that'll like significantly boost the capacity of in which like people are showing up to calls. And then at that point, I can like quickly just dedicate the training one-on-one with you on that specific. It'll just be a lot better. The reason why she was, requesting the videos, though, is because you wanted us to both work on the, the material content. What if, the content, you said the breakout videos? the breakout. So she was going to take the video, your sales videos, and just look at the, put it in Claude, pop out Q\&A questions. That we can then add here. . Like, what are, what are some of the questions that you get asked on these calls? So we have Claude telling us what those questions are and also, consecutively, looking at what are some of the major objections so that we can also create ideas on a content video for preemptively handling objections within a video that people can get once they booked the appointment. Does that make sense? Yep, that does. So, this is a perfect example, right? So, I'm going to rename, can you see my screen? Yes, we can see it. cowork, KPW, Notion, THO, Connector. Right, I'm just going to rename it that. So, how we get here is we click on home. we might actually have to search for it. I'll put that up in the pin. I'll put it at the very top, right here. Wait, are we supposed to be using, like, a company Claude account? Because I'm just using my personal Claude. We're, so, I gotta figure out a way to make this work, but Lynn has access to this. This is my personal Claude. . I just, like, I paid 200 bucks a month for this, which is, like, the highest personal plan that you can get. it doesn't really make sense for me to go to enterprise just yet. . Because there's just not that need. Well, I'm gonna send, I'm gonna send the Claude recordings to Lynn, and since Lynn has access to your Claude, then she can just put what I'm sending her. . So, also, too, like, I can also do it right here. What is everything you asked for? You were asking for, if, everything you asked for, if we could get that in writing, I can just copy and paste it over here. Also, I know you said, okay, so, for example, all, all Fathom transcripts on live sales calls, especially the ones that converted. . In general, analyze them. Identify the most frequently commonly asked questions and the most frequently common objections that the prospects are having or would have that are and or are not pre-handled. So create a full systematic list of objections and frequently asked questions and topics that the prospects would like to know when they don't know anything or want to know more about when they start learning about it. Create a full list on everything for ideas for quick one to two, maybe three minute breakout videos to answer all the stuff and to pre-handle. Are you typing this in somewhere? No, he's doing it through Whisper. Oh, he was speaking. Oh, he was speaking. Because I was like, oh, shoot, I forgot to type. It's all good. Are you familiar with Whisper at all? No. I'll just show you real quick. So, we can have you pull those fingers up down here. oh . So, this is Whisper Flow. We're just going to install this at some point. I'm going to see if I can, like, change my email on all this stuff. I just moved over to, like, a company Gmail where we all just share. I like that. You see this? And, basically, this allows you to record yourself while you're speaking, and then it transcribes, saves the transcription into, like, a little thing, and then also, like, filters everything. So, any, whatever it is, that gets filtered out, and then. I think, cost-wise, we should just be using your account, so if you don't mind transitioning. all of these things to your company email and giving us the password. That way we can all use Whisper. We can all use your cloud, without necessarily you having to pay for more accounts or, or members on that. . we're all going to get to that at some point. What, what other, questions do you have? that pretty much. tackles what we're trying to do with Lynn. Okay. but now what we need is to see the result of what you just told Claude to do. Got it. if Leo is available at 4 p.m., I'm going to jump on that call, just to collect the cash from him. He's already signed. I just need to collect the cash. And then, I'm gonna have to call Matthew. Gotta get an update on his 20. I... Would I be able to shadow your calls if they happen? Yes. Okay. Yay. And then, do these calls go to your calendar or you just, like, hop on? Through the phone. . Because they're not Zoom calls, right? You're just dialing the phone. well, like, for, for him specifically, we have not set up a scheduled call yet for him. no. But, I think Lynn booked in a call later today with someone on the calendar. At, like, five, right? Yep. but. But, but, I forgot his name. Something. It does go to Alan's 95, email address. No, those go to, like, the support email address. So, in GoHighLevel, you can also see, well, actually, you can see in the Slack. In the Slack, I think you can see both calls also, but that probably is not as easy to view. Somewhere here. I mean, it doesn't give me the link for me to click on. That's why I'm asking, because if, if the calls were going to a certain email, I would be able to subscribe to that calendar, and I can see the calls that I, that are taking place, and I can click on the call and, and join without being shared. Recording stopped. Oh, he disappeared. 'cause he was driving. But you, he said you have access to his, cloud? you have access to his cloud? yes. hold on one second, I have to respond. . Okay. I have to respond to Anne really quick. . To who? I'm responding to Anne right now because she's having trouble looking at the videos that, that we linked her, but. I heard the same thing. She messaged me that. I don't understand that part because they're public on my site, but it's private on hers. I asked for private browsing. I'm assuming it's still the same issue. that probably had something to do with me removing everybody from the team, Zoom, because it, like, it won't, nobody was getting the five-minute thing anyways. So I was like, okay, let me just, like, clear this out. And then, you know, if I want to, like, just pay for it separately, I'll just do that. I guess that created problems, even though it should not have, the back end thing. I can't even get into the videos on, on the staff resources. . Because it's supposed to be public. It doesn't make sense. And it shows public on my side, too. So, I'm not sure. Have you tried out private browsing? no, but I can. I just don't think that's the issue, or that's gonna help the issue. . let me see. Yes, it's the same side. Same on my side. This video is restricted to members of the workspace only. Let me try this. I will try toggling private on, and I'll try toggling private off for Universal Studies, all the delphics. Channel. Okay, only workspace members can view. Toggle. Alright, I saved it. Turned it off. I turned it on. Now I'm turning it public. Now it should, ideally, be working. Also, I gotta start making some client calls as well, too, because I gotta check up on a handful of people. Okay. Let me check out the next screen. Seven. One minute. Okay. Looks like I'm doing good. let's see. What was the original name of the video? I can't even pull it up so I can see. private browsing is not working for me, so. Okay, got it. I got it now. okay. So, I'm gonna send this to both of you. And then, I think we just need to update the, actually, try the same link. Does the same one work now? Let me see. Did she send you two links or three links? Are you talking about the, on the staff resources, or what do you mean? The link for the Looms on the staff resources? Honestly, she did not send you the same link that she sent me, but I'll make it more public. Just by all, hold on. Just one more, hold on. Alright, I got a result for her. let me try that. Is it working for you, or do I need to send you a new brand new link? it's working for me, Anne. Okay, awesome. I've got it figured out. Okay, so, anything like urgent, high priority right now before this calls? so, you just prompted Claude to do that. And Lynn has access to your cloud. So she's gonna be able to have access to the results on the prompt. Yes. Although I did close my computer in the middle of that. So I might, I might have to re-prompt, I might have to, like, re-prompt it. Okay. Just because two cops ended up driving by, so I had to, like, close my laptop real quick. Yes, don't go to jail. . Don't blame it on the car. It wasn't me driving off. It was Claude. It was working. It was Claude. It was working. Claude was texting, officer. So she'll get to see that there. I'll work on trying to get that moved over. okay. So did you get access to the, that company email? On your side? I'm having issues with this thing. So, let me check my phone. The Gmail, right? Gmail. but that went to my iCloud, right? No, no, no. Actually, no, I'm being stupid. I'm being stupid. It's right here in our chat. Alright, let me log in now, actually, because I want to start bookmarking, making folders, in my bookmarks, so, I'm gonna log in right now. There we go. There we go. Thank you, Alan. Thank you so much. You did that so quickly. Any, any, like, urgent emergencies or high priority needs that? No, I'm just gonna start working with Claude on the no-show rate strategy. But I guess I'm just gonna be using my personal cloud. I'm not gonna be using yours, right? I want to try to find a way to get access to everyone in the company. I have to see what the enterprise version is going to be like. We'll have to see, because I know that the pricing changes quite a bit, and the features change. I mean, I feel like. I feel like we could all use your cloud. Since you're already paying 200 for it, we could use your cloud, but always with your permission to run the tokens. Like, nobody should, nobody should be running your cloud without, confirming with you first that we are gonna go ahead and use cloud for certain props, if that makes sense, prompts. -huh. That way we're careful with the tokens and always using it on the Opus, whatever. Opus. Opus. I just mixed Opus with Constantine's, like, last name. I can send you the, the Trello for that. I still need access to Trello. You want me to send you access to the Trello, too, or is that just going to be, like, additionally overwhelming? I don't know, like, because I feel like you're going to have your, you're going to have a whole array of, action tasks in different areas that they're going to focus on. I don't know if it would be helpful or more detrimental to share with you the stuff that I'm looking at as well. What are your thoughts on that? Wait, I'm sorry. I was, like, literally in the middle of a video because I was about to start working on this. I'm sorry, I thought you were talking to Carla. Can you summarize what you just said? so I was saying that I just invited Carla to, like, a Trello where I started, like, drafting up a little bit last night. It's not, like, fully complete, but sort of just drafting up things that, like, okay, hey, here's all the action items. That's what I went over on the Zoom. Here's the critical. He's done yesterday, last week. I got the high goal. You know, done today, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I saw that on the Zoom earlier. so the question was, would it be helpful or more detrimental if I gave you access to that, given that you're already going to have your own version of that? it's basically. Is this tasks that me, Carla, and you would be getting to, or what, what is it? I would, so I would think that it's, I mean, potentially, I mean, like, right now, I'll just share it with you, and then you can just take it with a grain of salt, right? Knowing that it's not, like, you're not expected to look at these things, but at least you can just have some, like, insight, and then if anything needs to be, delegated, or if there's something that you feel like you can easily help us do, then you'll be able to, you know, oversee that. Okay. Awesome. So I just shared that with you, and then that should go to your email, so I think it's just your same login, it'll just be a different board, essentially. Okay. And then, you know, I'll keep adding stuff on here and then start carrying him over and whatnot. then every, everything that both of you two bring up as well, too, where, like, hey, look, like, the company really needs this, you can add it to the action item and then you can maybe, like, color code it, like, your own color so we know, like, one person's one color, one person's another color, and then, you'll, and they'll just be, like, on your best judgment, okay, based off everything I'm seeing here, I think that it should go here within the priority scale. And then we'll just figure out what to do there. Okay. Sounds good. All right. Okay. Oh, all right. Anything else before I start making these calls? I don't have anything to say. What's, I need to check in on Grayson and how are they doing right now? Okay, let's see, let's get a channel. So I guess, like, as of right now, what are, like, your top three things that you're focusing on, or, like, one, two, three? What are, what are those things for you? I'm gonna, it's the breakout thank you page Q\&A document. I already sent it to you. It's, like, basically almost done. it's just a matter of, like, I don't know if you want me to make it more detailed or, or whatever. but . Q\&A questions. The, the breakout video page, like, already. It's just, just enough for me to. Under, like, me and anyone else to understand, right? Kind of like how it's just, like, one question, and then, you know, that's basically it. If you, if you think it's helpful to go into more detail, then you can add another line in there, underneath it, but. . gotcha. Awesome. good, good question. Alright, any other, emergencies or anything, from either of you two? No. Not as of right now. Oh, hold on. I've been muted this whole time. That's amazing. Alan, I can't log into the Gmail. It says, it looks like someone else might be trying to access your Google account. For your protection, you can't sign in right now. Try again later or sign in from a different device, which is funny because I put in the code they sent to my phone, to my text. And it just hit me with that message. I've never seen anything like this before. So, I guess I'm just gonna try it again later. That's super weird. Hold on. Okay. I used the password. Verification on my side, or? I don't know. It says it looks like someone else might be trying to access your Google account. For your protection, you can't sign in right now. I used the password that you gave me. Okay. How about trying your, your iCloud? Did your iCloud get the email? The iCloud didn't, my iCloud did not get an email about this, no. Okay. Interesting. here, let me try something on my side and see. oh then when I get this pulled up, what were your top, like, one, two, or three things to win? I don't hear you, come back. I, so, making sure this Q\&A, breakout thank you page, document is just written out, which is basically almost done. And then, aside from that, I had other stuff written down somewhere. Okay. And as long as you know your main thing, that's, that's good enough. . I'm just focusing on that right now. that's good. . Did we, go for it? I don't know, I was just gonna say my other priorities today were, contacting top priority leads, which I already booked one of them, but, I haven't, been able to call any other leads, I've been providing support for Anne and Grace, and then, Okay, okay, wait a minute. So, have there been leads that came in through the funnel that we have not called yet? Nope, everyone's been called that has came through the funnel. There's not. Okay, you're just talking about follow-up? I'm just talking about follow-ups or, or calling again. There's been leads that just haven't been answering. They've been unresponsive that I've already called multiple times before. Like, Natalia's an example, but. Any prime profiles, like, as in, we're talking about, like, people that 750 plus credit scores, or 700 plus credit scores, that are making over 100k per month? Anybody? I've already cut that person, that one person, Ganad. Anybody else? Over, you said over 100k in income? . I mean, the, the last people that were, that had that were P-ready, but you said he was sus. . then there was Jennifer. So, I think there needs to be a follow-up. Wait, what was the verdict with her? Because I know you. that, that, that was, we're having a conversation. I don't think she's, like, she, she's a shopper for sure. She's been calling around, she's trying to figure out, like, what, what's possible. She's trying to find a way to make us get a solution. I don't think she's, she needs help with understanding how things work. and maybe we just need to let her bounce around and figure out that, like, oh, like, there's really no other option. but last I spoke to her, I didn't have enough time to, what's it called, handle all of her objections because we were already 20 minutes over on the call. . And I just have to follow up with her, let's give her some time to breathe as well, too, because, she thinks in her mind that she can just go get $250,000 unsecured with, with $5,000 per month income. I think, I think she just needs to get, like, slapped around the way with life, realize that that's, like, like, pretty impossible to get an unsecured at that, at that, income level. . But, so, I'll follow up with her. okay. but I don't know how to go about my Gmail situation. Oh, I'm feeling that right now. Thank you. Verified, see. Try another way. Try another way. Connect your domain. Connect your domain admin for help. Contact your domain admin for help. That's great, but for productivity, I just feel like Windows is so much better. what happened? It's just, like, I don't know how things are oriented, but, like, every time I, I log in, every time I open up a Google page, I have to, like, log, sign back in, and then I go into another Google page, gotta sign in again. . Alright, I'll just use Google Chrome. Oh, and I got the camera working, by the way. Amazing. But, I, I see it's working too. can you ready, can you ready send a text? Wait. Oh, is this a phone call? Alright, wait, can you keep an eye on the inbox, like, periodically, just to see if, like, Leo messages, just in case I miss it? . Like, it was, like, Whitney, Whitney said he, his power went out again. . So, Carla, like, this is a prime example. Whitney is one of those clients where, like, this is a perfect example of, like, you know, like, the exception to the whole don't follow up rule, right? . so, Whitney is a, like, a high profile client in terms of, like, he's a strong credit profile, he's fundable, not only fundable, he has a tax returns to back it up, which makes him, like, five times or ten times easier than everyone else that doesn't have tax returns. He wants literally as much money as we can possibly get him, so he's opened a millions of dollars worth of funding. He's okay with paying us a percentage at the back end of all of that. Right. So, we're incentivized more money along the way. And then if we're able to help him, you know, succeed in the way that he wants, he's looking for a lifetime relationship. So, I think it's just life also, like, just, you know, doing this thing to test us, like, showing that, like, we're not going to give up on him, right? And he said, specifically, if, you know, everything goes well, he'll refer all his friends, all his family. He's got, he's got students, a community. He's, one of his businesses, one of his businesses, he has a, he coaches real estate agents, or sorry, not agents, people in the real estate niche to learn how to, you know, do real estate, essentially. So, as you can imagine, he needs funding for all his projects. All the students are going to need funding for their projects, right? They need the down payment money, real quick, fix and flips. exactly. Like, that is a prime example of why follow-ups are important. Sometimes the B2B cycle can be really long. Sometimes these business owners don't have any time, but they're still interested. And if we can cultivate those relationships with a, like, a lifelong mentality, like, it'll pay out huge. Because, just on his profile, right, if we're in an agreement for five, eight percent, five, eight percent of a million is how much? Fifty to eighty thousand, right? . . And then all, you know, so then, you know, obviously there's going to be a split between, like, you know, the seller, closer, then funding or account manager on that as well, too. But, you know. And then, all, you know, so then, you know, obviously, there's going to be a split between, like, you know, the setter, closer, then funding, funding or account manager on that as well, too. But, you know, there's a lot of, as you can see, there's, like, a lot of, how do I say this? A lot of, healthy, like, commissions available to share, if that makes sense? And, and then everything that comes from that, right? His referrals and yada, yada. Which client is this? Matthew or Leo? This is Whitney. Matthew's looking for about three hundred to five hundred thousand. . But the, the big guy, the whale that you're talking about, what's his name? which whale? The one I was just speaking about, like, on the field? Yes. Whitney. Whitney. . The one that you were, like, yesterday, you were like, this is a priority to talk to this guy. Whitney. . Gotcha. Prime example. How about, if you search Whitney in the team inbox, Carla, I would like to see what, how you'd respond to him via text. Don't send it, but I just want you to send, I want you to, like, look it up. You can type it in the field. Don't send it. And just to let me know, copy and paste or screenshot or whatever, what you would say in that position. I'm going to copy paste it to your Slack. now I'm going to conversation. Where is Whitney? There it is, Whitney. So he said, I believe. Okay. So, you said, sure thing. Just left you a voicemail. When would be next? When would be the next best time straight down to reach you, Whitney? So, he completely ignores what you're asking. He said, I believe if it were for bad luck, I wouldn't have any luck. My project is not a good. So, he completely ignored your question. I mean, it plays a role, right? Because, like, his ability to have power is his ability to be able to hop on the phone with us and go through the next process. That's all that's back logistically. . So, he's been in and out of a power store for, like, almost a month now. Where does he live? somewhere in the Midwest. Okay. I'm typing this message through Slack. But, I take it that Whitney is not the type of person that would just be stringing us along for no reason. Every time we call him, it's just like, he has not been having any luck. It's like, he's got a contractor that, that put a screw through his hand and bring the guy to the hospital. Then he had his daughter end up in the hospital. And it's just like, he had to fly out of town to go be able to help her with that. Power's been out, you know, on and off. And then it's just like, it's been, it's been a lot. Is, but, anyways. Let's see. And then, if you want to, remember the calls that Matthew was referring to? That, or sorry, not Matthew, but, Konstantinos was referring to? That there were, like, two really horrible calls? Carla? Wait, what? Remember when Konstantinos was saying that there was two really horrible calls where it was like, there are sales calls that were from people that were horrible in the sense that you would not, like, want to actually have to talk to this type of person. -huh. So, those names are Matthew and Leo. And I think eventually further down the line, not right now, those would be two calls to, in processes that would be important for you to review. . It just shows, too, that if you just stay in the pocket and just continue to show professional and just continue to stay neutral. Right, because these guys have been, like, dumped on from the industry and stuff like that, and they're just basically, like, releasing all that baggage onto the call, and the light in general. But if you just, like, stay in the pocket, stay professional, stay neutral, you know, stay positive, and just, you know, remain rooted in the values of what we have to offer and how we can best serve them, those are two prime examples of how you can turn, like, a call that anybody would hang up on or anyone could even say, oh, disqualified or I don't want to answer. How those calls like that can turn into actual sales for the company. So. I just set, I just set a Slack reminder to remind me to review those calls down the line. I set next week, but we'll see about that. we just gotta get the, the system stuffed up first, and then we can just, like, once we're able to just clear space, so we're not, like, jumping back and forth, then we just dial it in, right? And it can turn to something where, like, Lynn and I, right? Like, when we were dialing her, like, triaging, we were just, like, every day we were hopping in, like, you know, an hour here, an hour there, two hours, whatever it was, and we were just going back and forth, like, just super high frequency, just hyper-focused on that subject. And I feel like that's the fastest way that we can, like, learn and grow in a space. absolutely. Like, scattered, but . Alright. so, did you, oh I have an email figured out for you. You're typing out the pre-message that you would send directly to, Whitney. Carla? Carla? Hello? Are you, are you sending a, like, a hypothetical message? Yes, I'm working, I'm working on that right now. And then, Lin, you all, you all good on your side as well, too? Just double-checking. I'm just replying, or, gonna send Anna a message, and then, I'm basically just focusing on the breakout document thing that I sent you, and getting everything situated there. I just replying. responded to Connor, and then, I can call a few more leads, and then, continue back on the breakout. Got it. Sweet. Thank you. And then, the thing that you sent me, are you able to pin it in the Slack, just so I can just jump straight to it? I'm looking at the account. It says it's active. Let me just, reset the password on my side. It's just to create a password. Alan, I would just send that, you know, keep it short and sweet and straight to the point. Do you want me to send that to him? I haven't looked at it yet. What? I haven't looked at it yet. Oh, okay. So, I just reset your password on, the Google side. Try to log in again. Oh, I, I can give you the password. . That's the new password. Okay, perfect. And then. Because you have to make a negative and a positive. Because right now, the vibe that I'm getting is that even though it's professional, it just seems like that, like an arm, at an arm's length, like, hey, look, like, we're here for you professionally, we're here, you know, to do business with you, but, it's not like, we don't necessarily feel just quite yet that we'd be someone that's sitting at his dinner table with his shoes off, eating food with his family, you know what I mean? Does that make sense? Alright. How about what I've, what I've fixed now? I like the first sentence. I like the, I'll take care of the rest. I like the concept of a good day in town looks good for you. I would lean towards putting him into a binary. So, like, yes, we want to know what time looks good for him, but we always give him a choice. Does today or tomorrow work better? Or does tomorrow or Thursday work better for you? Or tomorrow or Friday work better for you? I'll say that. But I want, I want to just, like, slow down and just start, like, from the very beginning. so, like, from the very beginning, it's like, like, we need to connect with him emotionally, as strange as that sounds. And, and, and maybe this is just, like, extra credit things, but this is just, this is just how I think, in terms of, like, just making someone feel like this is, like, more than just a transaction. You know what I mean? Something like you want to connect with him emotionally? Yes. In the very beginning. Like a pattern interrupt. Okay. I was, I was thinking, I don't know if you would actually say this, to Whitney, but what I've been thinking is, like, connecting with the idea that his, his business or his money is being delayed because of this, and we want to get him on track, and not, not even that we want him, but the version of him that is, racking in the money and getting the success wouldn't be delaying this process, but I don't know how, if that is exactly. I mean, I like Lynn's idea, and Alan, I don't disagree with you on connecting with him emotionally, but also, like, we don't want to be like, oh, I'm so sorry you're dealing with this. Oh, this can be frustrating because that all has very negative connotations. Why would we pour, like, we're pouring salt on his wound? That's why, like, I understand you're trying to connect with him emotionally, but, like, it's like, it's like someone telling you my grandma passed away and you're, like, texting them back saying, I'm so sorry your grandma died. It's like, it's not an uplifting message. It's like, it's not an uplifting message. It's, it's not empathizing with them, but rather is, is, is reiterating their problem, you know? And we should. There's a fine line. Right. And what I wanted to say was we want to navigate it ideally in a way where we can make them laugh. Right? Where it's, like, lighthearted. So, like, what I'm thinking is, like, to just tie it all together, right? Like, we have, we know Whitney wants money. We know it's been over a month now. What he's been, we've been going back and forth. He's been having all the issues in the world, right? You know, it seems like, you know, life's been working against him in all these different ways. Family, work, tech people, whatever it is, power, electricity, all that stuff, right? So, it's like, just think of, like, like, you know, just, like, a bud, like, how do we make this guy just be like, oh, dude, this is crazy, but, you know, all of a loss, something, we can laugh about it, and then, you know, focus on what his dream outcome is, which is just getting funding ASAP. So, and maybe it's just one of those things right now where we're overthinking it, right? Because that could be a thing as well, too. we kind of are, because we don't want this text to be so long. we definitely want it to be short. We don't want the process to be super long either. I like this message because it's confident. Like, I hear you on the bad luck. That's where I'm sympathizing with you. But I am not saying things like, oh, bad luck sucks. I hate bad luck. Like, we're not being negative with it. We're just acknowledging his bad luck and saying, I hear you on that. That's the simplest way for you to relate to someone, right? I hear you on the bad luck. Hopefully, we can help turn some, some of that around, being positive and confident that we are here to provide him the solution he's looking for. And no worries at all in the timing. We're removing pressure because we're sympathizing with his situation. We want to make this as easy as possible for you. There again, another emotional, here I am for you message. So whenever things settle down on your end. Let's find a time that works comfortably for you. So we're keeping him comfortable. But then again, we're not losing focus and we're providing two options. Best tomorrow or Friday work best for you. And I will take care of the rest. Looking forward to connecting. Because we don't want to be corny either. We want to keep it professional because if I were to take on my sales approach that I've been having for the past five months, I would have said something like, let's hope you're luck. Let's hope we're lucky enough to connect, right? I would have said something stupid like that. Right? So, I can change that and say, I hope we get lucky enough to meet with you, to meet soon. Something stupid like that. Instead of sounding super dry, like, oh, looking forward to connect, like, that doesn't say anything, you know. There's no emotion behind that. But I hope we get lucky enough to meet soon. I like it because, you know, acknowledges their situation and we're just like being playful and laughing about it, kind of. And it's still professional. I don't know what you think. About one moment. I think it, I think it's solid and it's professional. just one moment. You said you wanted me to look out for whose text? I know Matthew just responded okay, and Leo responded okay, or yes? Leo said okay? Oh, Leo said yes? Leo said yes, yes. It's not the phone. That's right now. Or that's, that's 40 minutes ago, but . Okay, let's see. Let me finish this up. Alright, so this is something that I would probably send to him. and, and I know he just has context off of our prior relationship. I guess there's not really one necessary way to skin it. But, this is just something that I would, generically say with the intention of, you know, one, like, acknowledging what he said and his luck, which has been crazy. Two, giving him the empathy, right? Relating with him, of where he's at. And then three, you know, the transition between, you know, reframing or alchemizing his current situation from negative to positive. And then, you know, the leading him by saying, like, you know, hey, look, you ready, you ready to start working on getting this funding now so that you can either move to somewhere better or even just buy the whole damn block? So then, you know, that, you know, that's his humor. That's, he kind of talks like that. And here to help you win at the highest level. Just a reassurance. And then his name as well, too, twice to make it more personal. That's just how I think about it. is that helpful? What are your thoughts on that? Hello. I really like it. I just replied to you on Slack saying I love this. And having context on how someone speaks definitely helps, draft a message that matches their energy. That's very important. . You ready to start working on getting this funding now so that you can either move to somewhere better or even just buy the whole damn block? I like it. I wouldn't change anything. Maybe just, like, changing the comma to a question? Like, I don't know. . I like it. I like it like that now. Also, Gmail told me the same thing with the new password. They're saying, looks like someone is trying to. Maybe it's because you tried to log in. I didn't try to log in. I can try to log in. Probably should. Let's see. You, you didn't try to log in? I wouldn't, because if it's already giving me issues. Well, let's see. Because it said contact your, what's it called? Your admin company. Which is, which is me, so. And I really need a call. That's so strange. I've never seen this happening. me neither. Oh, it's because they want a phone number. That's why. I did, and I got the code and everything. But is it a US phone number? No, it's Argentina, but that shouldn't be an issue. It could be. I'm gonna try my phone number. I don't think it is, because when I did this with remote leverage, I used my number. It looks like someone else might be trying to access your Google account. For your protection, you can't sign in right now. Try again later, sign in from a different device. That's crazy. You got the same message? . Oh my god. We just need to wait, because Google knows. Damn, Google. Come on. I'm trying to bookmark my things. . let's ask Google Gemini inside of, that's. . Oh, that's a smart idea. Have a question when you get the chance, Alan. Yep, sure, one moment. Admin console. Directory users. Security. Expand security section. Expand security section. Click login challenge and turn off. After 10 minutes. Turn off. Alright. Now try. I turned it off. I, I just followed their steps. See if you can. It says turned off identity question for 10 minutes. Alright, so, I'm gonna try to log in. Thank you. Yep. I'll even add my recovered email. Just in case. Okay. Okay. What was your question, Lin? . So, I don't know if you can work out, go high level, Connor. . I've been triaging him through texts because his, his voice was shot and he couldn't hop on a call, so. . Is it, is it highly urgent? I'm sorry? Is it highly urgent? well. I maxed out my cards, now 560, zero delinquency, just crazy high utilization, max. Projected to close 70k in deals in the next four months with 40k of tapping upfront revenue, blah, blah, blah. Then there's a 900k deal in the pipeline, blah, blah, blah. But I need funding primarily for leads. I have a lead quality provider. I have this will 40x my revenue initially. How much is it? Less than 50k? Like 30 to 60k in funding. It's like really not much. But he's over leveraged. Because if he, if he's maxing out all of his credit cards, if he has a fundable profile, that means like he's burning everything he has. . what's, so what's the question? Do we book a call with him, or what's the question? Well. Is it something I can still book him for? Is there a certain question you want me to ask? or just go with the same intake process thing that usually means it's 720 to qualify, but what I can do for you is have you hop on a call with a funding specialist or the same thing I normally do. are you, have you triaged him yet over the phone? No. No. I can try calling him, but, I mean, I've, I've basically just got his triage through. . I'd get him on the phone. Just see how it goes. You're gonna hear a lot over, like, how he, how he talks. . and just, like, call him, and then just be like, hey, look, you know, we might be able to help you. we've helped, you know, people in similar situations. sole proprietorship, and he doesn't have his own business. ask him, how long has he been registered with the Secretary of State? How long has his, business has been registered with the Secretary of State? And if it's over two years, then, you know, we could. If not, I'll just ask him about cash flow. Or, if that's too advanced, I'll just, like, say, mm, I don't know what I can do. I can have my, I can have my, you know, funding manager call you when you're immediately available. And so then, now, we're not necessarily booking out a time slot. He's just telling us his availability. And then I'll call him because it's kind of like a, a squinty, squinty-eyed lead. That made sense. . Because it could be something like, within five minutes, I find out that I can't help him, or we can't help him. But if I can, then we book a call. . Alright, I'm gonna call you. do you two want me to stream that call, or would you rather have me leave? I want to shadow. Would I be able to join? Lynn, do you want to shadow that one too? Grace wanted me to hop on a call to help her with the, like, something. It's regarding Notion, so. Okay. I can, I can just do that. Okay, sounds good. By the way, I tried logging in, and it told me too many failed attempts, so it told me to try again later. That's crazy. and so, don't worry about that later. But send me the link to this call. Okay. Or. Thank you. Thanks, Lynn. thank you. Thank you, Lynn. Thank you, thank you.